- EasyWorksheet

    *Project Description*


    *Problem*: All Primary Years Programme (PYP) - International Baccalaureate teaching school often creates worksheets to increase students’ vocabulary by giving them sentences with fill in the blanks sentences. For e.g. I am a _________(*picture of a cat*). (Here the students are supposed to recognize the image and hence fill in the blank with the correct answer: cat).  Generating these worksheets is a tedious process: the images that are used have to be extracted from the internet by all the teachers working under her again and again separately. Additionally, these worksheets had to be in the correct and in a presentable format. Moreover, the same teachers were creating worksheets testing the knowledge of the same nouns which was again an inefficient way of creating these worksheets.

    *Solution*: I decided that creating a Python application which would run on any computer or laptop, as per convenience. The program would utilise User Authentication layout. The program would allow the teachers to generate these worksheets almost instantly. The program will be capable of taking input in the format of work documents and will provide the output in the form of word documents. Once a noun will be used by any of the users, a database would store it and it could further be used by any of the users on any other machine. The worksheet can be as long as long and elaborate as per choice. If the sentence being converted has only one noun, instead of giving the user the option to select one of them as the program will in the case of a sentence with multiple nouns, it will automatically convert the sentence in the desired format and saved as a word document in the database as well as the local machine. All the generated worksheets will be displayed in a list box which can be downloaded anytime again in the future from any laptop as they are stored on the laptop.
